Aah
My life is dull,
it's not very cool
Parents at home,
teachers at school
I want to live
where it's so much more hip
on a pirate ship!
On a pirate ship
I'll pillage the seas on a seafaring trip
A pirating life
would be ever so grand
Plundering gold
with a hook for my hand
- Arrr!
- I'd ride the waves
on the ocean so blue
I'd fly through the air
like pirates do.
On a pirate ship
I'd soar though the air with a dart and a flip
Flying so high
and swooping for treasure
down below
Dropping swords
on my enemies
On a pirate ship
- Me eyepatch would snap and me trousers would rip
- On a pirate ship
On a pirate ship
- Sing along me hearties!
- On a pirate ship
On a pirate ship
- I'll pillage the seas on a sea faring trip
- On a pirate ship
On a pirate ship
On a pirate ship!
- Pirates!